solder head retorque on an oil head
we've just replaced this head gasket
leaking very badly it because the stud
was this stud was pulled out so this
stage is a little bit different than
usual normally if this was a 600-mile
service these would be loosened torque
to 20 Newton meters and then tightened
180 degrees because this is a new head
gasket and gorgeous going initiative the
initial assembly torque one to ninety or
torque the wall to 20 Newton meters and
then to each one 90 degrees in a pattern
cross pattern and then return and do
them another 90 and the bolt the m10
bolt gets torque to 40 Newton meters so
I'm gonna give that to Sean you don't
need much for tools 15 millimeter deep
3/8 drive ratchet
Tork 20 20 20
and 20 dead pies now this angle torque
short 15 millimeter 1/2 inch drive
socket onto it and now we set a little
dial here 2 pointer to 0 and we're gonna
go 90 degrees no more no less 90 switch
to this one Yauch set to 0 90
and ninth now we're gonna go back here
again
meantime let's land the m10 to its
designated for that out of the way this
just kind of evens up the torque on the
head
less chance
a head working from the torque lunchbox
down to the minimum now I'm gonna do 90
this is the one we repaired I'm gonna do
a little bit less on this leg about 70 i
knee and 90 this henry torque is
finished yeah biggest issue with these
is pay the attention I've seen too
many of these stripped out stud worth
right out of the block because some
previous technician was yapping on the
phone or had his head up his ass or
jerking off or whatever they do
not paying attention if you're gonna
lock the freaking doors do it if you're
gonna put earplugs in and freaking hear
muffs etc because you work in a busy
freakin service area do it don't be
disturbed pay attention do it right I
don't care how freakin experienced you
are it's easy to up and if you
it up you're costing a customer a whole
lot of money unless you're actually
gonna stand behind your product and
behind your mistake and fix it yourself
and pay for it which is gonna cost a lot
of money right